so this is a newer
song I never play
guitar
[Music]
start I like the way that you
are in all the things that you
do you like honey
do those bees are all around
[Music]
you
yeah you wrote a br again
up taped it on a
meal you canot drive a
shifter but you could always
[Music]
steal 3 4
I like the way that you
talk and all the things that you
do you do like H to
those bees are all around
you there's a house on the
hell I bought a coop to
F we'll get out on their
road with you I'm always
[Music]
home ooh
o
[Applause]
ooh
[Music]
oy f
[Applause]
[Music]
love you with all my
heart love you with all my
[Music]
heart love you with all my heart
[Applause]
and I love you with all my
heart love you with all my
heart I love you with all my heart
[Laughter]
[Music]
thank you so much